Welcome to this course, I'm extremely happy to welcome you on board in this course, you will learn,
flutter and start from scratch.
No prior knowledge is required, will start at the important basics and then work our way through all
the core features up to more advanced topics like working with native devise features to flutter internal
state management and much more discourse is fully up to date.
And as I do it with all my courses, I will keep this course up to date and you will learn all the things
not just in theory but in the example driven project.
Focused Way will build multiple apps throughout this course so that you have concrete examples of how
and when to apply a certain feature.
And you will learn all the things by applying features on your own.
You can follow along and code along and by the end of the course you will have built multiple apps and
you will be well-prepared to build your own apps with the knowledge gained in this course.
This course also has tons of quizzes and a lot of attached documents that allow you to dive deeper and
check your knowledge.
Now, in addition, you get Q&A support in case you should get stuck, and therefore I'm convinced the
discourse will turn you into a real flutter developer.
Now, who am I?
My name is Maximum Schwartzmann and I'm a five star rated instructor here on YouTube.
I got multiple best selling courses and discourse here.
All is the best selling flavor course and I'm super excited about Fleder.
I'm working with it since it's early alpha days, which actually already are a couple of years ago.
And I enjoy working with Flutter.
It's an amazing technology which allows you to build amazing mobile apps and I can't wait to dive into
that together with you.
So I guess let's get started and let's dive into the most important question.
What exactly is Flattr?